Fix crash on download update error (#1285)
microsoft/appcenter-sdk-android: CHANGELOG.md

## Version 2.4.1 (Under development)

### App Center Distribute

> * **[Fix]** Fix crash on handling download update error.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **[Fix]** Fix a crash when downloading an update fails on Android 5+.
```
